[oneTBB] Add a function to create a set of NUMA bound task arenas (#650)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/constrained_arena_helpers.rst

.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

=========================
Constrained Arena Helpers
=========================
**[constrained_arena_helpers]**

Helper interfaces to create and manage multiple ``task_arena`` objects with constraints.

.. code:: cpp

    // Defined in header <oneapi/tbb/task_arena.h>

    namespace oneapi {
    namespace tbb {
        std::vector<oneapi::tbb::task_arena> create_numa_task_arenas(
            oneapi::tbb::task_arena::constraints other_constraints = {},
            unsigned reserved_slots = 0);
    } // namespace tbb
    } // namespace oneapi

Functions
---------

> .. cpp:function:: std::vector<oneapi::tbb::task_arena> create_numa_task_arenas(oneapi::tbb::task_arena::constraints other_constraints = {}, unsigned reserved_slots = 0)

Reviewer: Shorten?
```suggestion
.. cpp:function:: std::vector<oneapi::tbb::task_arena> create_numa_task_arenas(oneapi::tbb::task_arena::constraints constraints = {}, unsigned reserved_slots = 0)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: As far as I can tell, the specification does not use `oneapi::tbb` in the signatures of functions that are already in that namespace.

Author: Removed `oneapi::tbb`

    Returns a ``std::vector`` of ``task_arena`` objects, each bound to a separate NUMA node.
    The number of created ``task_arena`` is equal to the number of NUMA nodes available on the system.

>     It optionally takes additional ``other_constraints`` argument to be applied to each created
>     ``task_arena``, ignoring ``numa_id`` value. The second optional ``reserved_slots`` argument
>     allows to reserve a number of slots in each created ``task_arena`` for application threads.

Reviewer: Perhaps,
```suggestion
    Additional ``constraints`` argument can be specified to further limit the threads joined
    the ``task_arena`` objects. The ``numa_id`` value in the ``constraints`` argument is
    ignored. The ``reserved_slots`` argument allows reserving specified number of slots in
    ``task_arena`` objects for application threads.
```
